Add missing information to map docs (#149)
DevExpress/dotnet-eud: interface-elements-for-desktop/articles/map/selection.md

---
# Selection
To select a map item, do one of the following:
* Tap a map item on a touchscreen device.
* Hover over a map item with the mouse pointer and click it.

If multiple selection is enabled, you can sequentially click several items to select them. To select multiple map items within a rectangular area, do the following:
* Hold the **Shift** key and the left mouse button.
* Drag the mouse pointer to mark an area that includes map items to be selected.

> * Release the left mouse button. All map items within the area are selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Release the left mouse button. This will select all map items within the area.
```
